Document `hf_transfer` more prominently (#1714)
huggingface/huggingface_hub: docs/source/en/package_reference/environment_variables.md

### HF_HUB_ENABLE_HF_TRANSFER

Set to `True` for faster uploads and downloads from the Hub using `hf_transfer`.

> By default, `huggingface_hub` uses the Python-based `requests.get` and `requests.post` functions. Although these are reliable and versatile, they may not be the most efficient choice for machines with high bandwidth. `hf_transfer`, a Rust-based package, was developed to maximize the bandwidth used by dividing large files into smaller parts and transferring them simultaneously using multiple threads. This approach can potentially double the transfer speed. To use `hf_transfer`, you need to install it separately [from Pypi](https://pypi.org/project/hf-transfer/) and set `HF_HUB_ENABLE_HF_TRANSFER=1` as environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `huggingface_hub` uses the Python-based `requests.get` and `requests.post` functions. Although these are reliable and versatile, they may not be the most efficient choice for machines with high bandwidth. [`hf_transfer`](https://github.com/huggingface/hf_transfer) is a Rust-based package developed to maximize the bandwidth used by dividing large files into smaller parts and transferring them simultaneously using multiple threads. This approach can potentially double the transfer speed. To use `hf_transfer`, you need to install it separately [from PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/hf-transfer/) and set `HF_HUB_ENABLE_HF_TRANSFER=1` as an environment variable.
```

Please note that using `hf_transfer` comes with certain limitations. Since it is not purely Python-based, debugging errors may be challenging. Additionally, `hf_transfer` lacks several user-friendly features such as progress bars, resumable downloads and proxies. These omissions are intentional to maintain the simplicity and speed of the Rust logic. Consequently, `hf_transfer` is not enabled by default in `huggingface_hub`.

## From external tools

> Some environment variables are not specific to `huggingface_hub` but still taken into account when they are set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some environment variables are not specific to `huggingface_hub` but are still taken into account when they are set.
```
